POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/ask
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "question": "You drive a car that does not have a valid technical inspection certificate. Are you breaking the law?",
  "top_k": 3
}



# You see a white, square sign with a black border that says "RIGHT LANE MUST EXIT." According to the MUTCD, what does this sign mean?

# You approach a traffic signal with a flashing red light. According to the MUTCD, what is the driver required to do?

# You see a solid yellow line painted on your side of the center of the road. Based on the MUTCD and standard road rules, what does this line indicate, and are you allowed to pass another vehicle?

# A pentagon-shaped sign is ahead. What type of area or facility is this sign most likely indicating, according to the MUTCD standard shapes?

# You are driving a car after drinking alcohol. Are you violating the traffic law?

# You are riding a motorcycle without wearing a helmet. Is this against the law?

# You stop your car at the left side of a one-way street. Is this allowed?

# You make a U-turn on a bridge. Does this break the law?

# You drive a motorcycle while talking on the phone. What does the law say about this?

# You drive through a red light at an intersection. What are the consequences?

# You reverse your car in a tunnel. Is this a violation of the road traffic law?

# You drive on the expressway using a motorcycle. Is that legal?

# You drive a car that does not have a valid technical inspection certificate. Are you breaking the law?

# You are operating a vehicle with expired registration papers. What does the law say?

# You are driving too fast and exceed the maximum speed limit. Is this allowed?

# You are a pedestrian crossing the street when the red light is on. Are you breaking the traffic law?

# You are carrying three people on a motorbike. Is this permitted?

# You park your car within 5 meters of an intersection. Is that legal?

# You organize a street market directly on the road. Is this allowed by law?

# You let your cattle walk freely on the street. Is this a violation?

# You use roller skates on the main carriageway. Does the traffic law permit this?

# You honk your car horn continuously in a crowded area at midnight. Is this legal?

# You operate a truck carrying dangerous goods without a permit. What does the law say?

# You drive a car while having no driver’s license. What violation is this considered?

